Init app (#1)
vtex-apps/pwa-gtm-pixel: public/metadata/en-US/full_description.txt

## About

> PWA Google Tag Manager Pixel is an extension of the [Google Tag Manager App](https://github.com/vtex-apps/google-tag-manager) for tracking the activities PWA related of visitors to your ecommerce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PWA Google Tag Manager Pixel is an extension of the [Google Tag Manager App](https://github.com/vtex-apps/google-tag-manager) for tracking the activities PWA related of visitors to your e-commerce.
```
